So thanks again for rolling in this course and actually congratulations on getting to the very end.
I hope you've actually enjoyed this course and got a lot of value from it.
Now I don't know whether you know but I've actually got a lot of other programming courses.
What I've done is compile a list of all my courses along with a special discount link for you in the
very next lecture.
So where I feel confident that if you've enjoyed this course that you're going to enjoy they enjoy these
other courses that I've got so I'm going to end that video here now and ask you to move on to the next
lecture and you get to see a list of all those courses and you can click through to any of them to find
out more information.
Thank you.
She is now.